[Music]
what's this
you folks need to turn around pretty bad
accident up ahead anything we can do
your doctor or something or something
nice doll that's what you think day at
work the evil is contained how could you
not tell me you're babysitting for horns
tonight yeah it will be back early
tomorrow morning awesome
don't your parents keep any creepy stuff
around and keep it all locked away in a
room it's not good for anyone to go in
there my dad says that everything in
there is either haunted cursed or he's
done some ritualistic practice what's
that this area they put coins all over
the eyes and the dead
so he could take their cells
okay what about the doll that's in there
Annabelle she's in a case for a reason
[Music]
Anabelle mr. beacon father spirits
mrs. warrens oh okay something is
happening inside your house and we're
not really sure what to do
can I speak to Annabel I'm sorry you
need to give her a soul dear
[Music]